= legacy_data

How can you start a rails project on top of a large legacy database ... use the legacy_data plugin.

What if the database doesn't follow Rails/ActiveRecord naming conventions? ... not a problem
What if there are a lot of tables? ... not a problem
What about all the information contained in the database already (relationships, constraints, etc) ... they are extracted into your models

Usage: script/generate models_from_tables [options]
        --table-name [ARG] Only generate models for tables starting with
        --table-naming-convention [ARG]
                                     Naming convention for tables in the database. Only the wildcard is used when generating the model name

Examples:
* script/generate script/generate models_from_tables --table-naming-convention=tb*
  Generate a model for each table in the database.  The tables all start with a tb (i.e. table 'tbperson' will generate the model 'person')
* script/generate script/generate models_from_tables --table-name tbperson 
  Generate a model for the 'tbperson' table in the database. 

== Usage

* Create a new rails project with the admin data plugin
  rails my_application -m http://gist.github.com/188172.txt
* Configure your application to connect to your existing Oracle database.  Get the connect connect string from your dba (something like: user/password@server.example.com:1541/sid.world) and edit your config/database.yml
development:
  adapter: oracle_enhanced
  database: server.example.com:1541/sid.world
  username: user
  password: password
* Generate models for all existing tables
  script/generate models_for_all
* Take a look
  script/server
  http://localhost:3000/admin_data
 
== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Alex Rothenberg. See LICENSE for details.
